1.What is self?

Ans: 1. Defining an instance method. It is passed automatically as the first parameter when you call a method on an instance, and it is the instance on which 	the method was called.
     2.	Referencing a class or instance attribute from inside an instance method. Use it you want to call a method or access a name (variable) on the 	instance the method was called on, from inside that method

2.What is the use of constructor?

Ans:	
3.Is it necessary to send a arguements in the constructor?
4.What are the python datatypes?
5.What is the difference between list and tuple?
6.How to add a member to the list with out using keywords?
7.What is dictionary?
8.How to read and write files word by word and line by line?
9.How to pass command line arguements in python?
10.How to convert the numbers into int,float?
11.What is import?
12.How to take the input from console?
13.Difference between input and raw_input?
14.Difference between ruby and python?
15.Do we have concept Arrays in python?
16.What is the use of tuples?
17.Difference between python and c?
18.What is the return value of print?
19.Do we need to import any packages to work with print?
20.Do we need to import any packages to work with command line arguements?
21.Is multiple inheritance possible in python?
22.Do we have concept blocks in python?
23.How to handle the exceptions in python?
24.Can we make methods in python to private,public and protected?
25.Do we have concepts private,public and protected in python?
26.Explain about oops concepts in python?
27.Do we have multithreading concepts in python?
28.How to write the data into file line by line?
29.How to create the directory in python?
30.How to change one directory to another directory?
31.Can we access any file from another directory?
32.What are the variable types in python?
33.Do we have super() and this() concepts in python?
34.Is recursion possible or not in python?
35.Do we have inner class concept in python?
36.what is the return value of input and raw_input?
37.How to remove the duplicates in python?
A:using set
38.How to extract the username and password from the string=”vidyanaththisisnalla”.
39.Read the data from the excel sheet and write into the notepad. 
40.Read a lines from text file and write on to the another text file.
41.Command line arguements in python?

import sys
print(sys.argv[0])
print(sys.argv[1])
To find the length:
len(sys.argv)
Command line arguements will be stored in the form of list in the sys.argv


42.Variable number of arguements?
We have args(*) and kwargs(**).
Usage:
method(*value)
method1(**kwargs)
*value stored in the form of tuples.
**kwargs stored in the form of dictionaries.

43.We can take the user input in the form of raw_input()

44.Multiple assignments
a=b=c=1
a,b,c=1,2,3

44. How to extract a string from the “vidyanathnallathisis”
45.













